Electrical Engineering at AKTU. Dr. Hemant Ahujas multifaceted expertise, dedication to academia, and active involvement in research and collaboration position him as a visionary leader at the helm of Ajay Kumar Garg Engineering College, driving excellence and innovation in engineering education. and Wind Energy Conversion Systems. Dr. Ahujas scholarly contributions extend across more than 50 publications in prestigious international journals and conferences. His commitment to innovation is evident in his patent achievements, with several patents published under his name. Notably, he has successfully led two research projects funded under TEQIP-III, underscoring his proactive engagement in advancing knowledge. As a valued member of influential professional bodies such as IEEE, PES, ISTE, and IEI, Dr. Ahuja actively contributes to the growth and development of his field. His collaboration with the IEI-Ghaziabad local center as an eminent engineer reflects his dedication to community-driven initiatives. Moreover, Dr. Ahuja plays a pivotal role in shaping Electrical Engineering activities at the Abdul Kalam Technical University level, serving as a member of the Board of Studies for Electrical Engineering at AKTU. Dr. Hemant Ahujas multifaceted expertise, dedication to academia, content: ABOUT  Director  Director Dr. Hemant Ahuja Director, AKGEC M.Tech (IIT, Delhi), Ph.D. (IIT, Delhi) Dr. Hemant Ahuja, the esteemed Director of Ajay Kumar Garg Engineering College, Ghaziabad, is a seasoned professional with an illustrious career spanning over 22 years in academia and industry. Graduating with honors in Electrical Engineering from Kurukshetra University in 2001, Dr. Ahujas journey continued with an M.Tech. in Energy and Environmental Management from the Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi, in 2008. His exceptional academic prowess was recognized with the Prof. O.P. Gupta Gold Medal, an accolade bestowed upon him for achieving the highest CGPA during his M.Tech. program. Dr. Ahujas academic pursuits culminated in a PhD from IIT Delhi in 2013, cementing his reputation as a dedicated scholar. His expertise lies in the domains of Electrical Machines, Power Electronics, and Wind Energy Conversion Systems. Dr. Ahujas scholarly contributions extend across more than 50 one may be harmonious in the inner world, and this is true for the constant strength and women's empowerment of changing India and across the globe. Dr R. K. Agarwal, Director General and Chairperson VE Cell, blessed the ceremony with his visionary words and appreciated women employees loyalty, accountability and honesty as strengths of AKGEC. On this occasion, HR Manager Mrs Neelam Chhibber, one of the disciples of Didi, recited a self-written poem, which was appreciated by all attendees. Dr Hemant Ahuja, Director AKGEC, Heads of various departments, section in-charges, senior female faculty members, VE cell members and a few female students together energetically participated in the event and made it a grand success. Dr. Monika Agarwal, from the Department of Applied Science, expressed gratitude to all involved in the event and to the visionaries of human tradition who contributed to saving humanity. Leadership Qualities for Societal Transformation (01 December 23) Dates: 01st HAPPY AND HARMONIOUS RELATIONSHIPS on 14th October 2022 for all the B.Tech 2nd-year students from 10 AM to 12 PM in the Main Seminar Hall of the administrative block. The speaker of the session was BK Sangeeta Didi. She, as a spiritualist, has been deeply studying the practical applications of Rajyoga meditation and knowledge in varied fields of life for the last 40 years. She has done spiritual services in many places in India as well as in other countries, including Mauritius, Singapore, Malaysia and Russia. Didi has been a regular facilitator at Air India (for their Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata, Chennai, Hyderabad and Cochin branches), Jet Airways, Singapore Airlines, Indian Oil Corporation, Ministry of Railways, BHEL, etc. VE Cell students, Vaishnavi and Aseem, welcomed Didi and briefly introduced the topic to all the dignitaries and audience present in the session. Clarity of relationship and harmony was extracted as everybodys aspiration, initiating the session. After that, Director and harmony was extracted as everybodys aspiration, initiating the session. After that, Director General (DG), Dr. RK Agarwal, introduced the esteemed guest BK Sangeeta Didi. He very generously added that he is also under the constant mentoring of Didi. DGs statement that he is in the Palna of Didi, directly touched the audiences heart and motivated everyone to be more attentive throughout the session. After DG sirs address, BK Sangeeta Ji also spoke kind words for such a visionary Director General, who is a guide, a mentor and a well-wisher to his students, rather than only being a Director General of such a prestigious institute. After her one-hour spiritual talk on the topic, she responded to everybodys questions and doubts with calmness and clarity. She engaged everyone in her speech; the examples she used for better understanding were very much related to day-to-day issues, so they were truly comprehended by everybody. The students and everyone in the hall were impressed and Audience: Faculty Members Topic: Dealing with Blame Game Value Education Cell, AKGEC organized a spiritual seminar on HEALTHY, HAPPY AND HARMONIOUS RELATIONSHIPS on 14th October 2022 for all the B.Tech 2nd-year students from 10 AM to 12 PM in the Main Seminar Hall of the administrative block. The speaker of the session was BK Sangeeta Didi. She, as a spiritualist, has been deeply studying the practical applications of Rajyoga meditation and knowledge in varied fields of life for the last 40 years. She has done spiritual services in many places in India as well as in other countries, including Mauritius, Singapore, Malaysia and Russia. Didi has been a regular facilitator at Air India (for their Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata, Chennai, Hyderabad and Cochin branches), Jet Airways, Singapore Airlines, Indian Oil Corporation, Ministry of Railways, BHEL, etc. VE Cell students, Vaishnavi and Aseem, welcomed Didi and briefly introduced the topic to all the dignitaries and audience present in the